following as a state secret gentleman
disclose it to any party and you will be
subject to prosecution
his name is john mason british national
incarcerated on alcatraz in 1962
escaped in 63. there's no identity in
the united states our great britney does
not
exist secrets
have a way of coming back to haunt you
there's a hostage situation on alcatraz
ostrich 81 tourist the rock's a tourist
attraction
the one you train to defend you becomes
your greatest threat
a battery of vx gas rockets is presently
deployed to deliver a highly lethal
strike on the population of the san
francisco bay area
and the one you abandon becomes your
only hope
you go talk to me yeah hi
i'm an agent with the uh fbi
i'm stanley goodspeed but of course you
are at least he got his name right
now all that stands between a city
and a disaster the power of this
chemical is way beyond anything you can
imagine
that's why you're coming with us is a
man who's never seen
combat you're chemical freak i'm a
chemical super freak actually and
another who's been out of action
for 30 years show us on the blueprints i
can't
my blueprint was in my head fortunately
some things you'll never forget
but don't worry it'll all come back to
[Music]
me
from don simpson and jerry bruckheimer
the producers of top gun
and crimson tide and michael bay the
director of bad boys
welcome to the rock we
[Music]
losers always whine about their best
yeah nicholas cage listen i'm just a
biochemist
i drive a volvo beige one just what do
you say you cut me some friggin slack
it harris fire
[Music]
this summer get
ready to rock
[Music]
you